hi I'm Israel is reformed Tina's killer
Lucille excite as you can see there's a
lake over there and now i am sitting
with mr. coffee which I which is not
studying Taylor but it's in Taylors and
not doing anything just sitting here the
Taylor's what are you doing here oh so
yeah what's up TV people watching at
home yeah my name is Covey and I'm with
a hot right here so basically I'm
just coming into just admire the people
around they look beautiful they look
stunning and hot and I got my friends
here just my under watch oh you got em
run gonna eat maybe go out my friend
Heidi you haven't seen this you see just
you know checking out girls guys moms
sex yeah still feels Jill's typical
solicitous yeah
you're so you know I just awesome
I'm getting paper look at me now a boob
look at me now check it out on video you
get me now
whoa
you are
ok
thank you